json feed add indicator_type to rawjson + test improvement (#12404)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedJSON/ReleaseNotes/1_1_3.md

#### Integrations
##### JSON Feed

> - **Breaking Change**: The integration now validates that not both configuration params: *Indicator Type* and *Auto detect indicator type* are set. You must set only one of the configuration params. Previously, if both were set, *Auto detect indicator type* was used and *Indicator Type* was silently ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Breaking Change**: The integration now validates that both configuration params: *Indicator Type* and *Auto detect indicator type* are not set. You may set only one of the configuration params at a time. Previously, if both were set, *Auto detect indicator type* was used and *Indicator Type* was silently ignored.
```
